Automate generation of outputs (#248)
common-workflow-language/user_guide: src/topics/file-formats.md

others to quickly work with your tool, starting from a "known good"
parameterization.

```{literalinclude} /_includes/cwl/file-formats/sample.yml
:language: yaml
:caption: "`sample.yml`"
:name: sample.yml
```

___Note:___ To follow the example below, you need to download the example input file, *file-formats.bam*. The file is available from [https://github.com/common-workflow-language/user_guide/raw/main/_includes/cwl/file-formats/file-formats.bam
](https://github.com/common-workflow-language/user_guide/raw/main/_includes/cwl/file-formats/file-formats.bam) and can be downloaded e.g. via `wget`:

```{code-block}
$ wget https://github.com/common-workflow-language/user_guide/raw/main/_includes/cwl/file-formats/file-formats.bam
```

> Now invoke `cwl-runner` with the tool description and the input object on the
> command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now invoke `cwltool` with the tool description and the input object on the
command line:
```
